>> Speaker 1: So
let's go define our hungry interval.
>> Speaker 1: Function,
get hungry interval.
So how long should we give our users,
like the how long of a window should
they have to get there, clicking?
>> Speaker 2: Two to five seconds.
>> Speaker 1: That's pretty good.
I think I had in here just two seconds,
but if you want to do two to five.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, let's do that.
That sounds fun to me.
+Math.floor(Math.random) times
3,000 + 2000.
>> Speaker 1: Right,
this will give us two to five seconds.
>> Speaker 1: Cuz this will be
a number of between zero and 3,000 and
this will always be 2,000, right?
So you will get anywhere
from 2,000 to 5,000.
>> Speaker 1: Now we have, where are we?
GetHungryInterval, that's gonna be good.
>> Speaker 1: Last thing
up here is we need a break.
We're gonna do case hungry,
which is our last case.